{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh10020\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 It\'92s not a framework, it\'92s a javascript library (frameworks tend to be more opinionated)\
\
It\'92s open source, created by Facebook. Used to build user interfaces\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Manipulating the DOM is expensive\
\
React creates a virtual one, figures out what needs to be changed, and only re-renders (changes) what is necessary instead of the whole tree\
\
\
You can just include a link to React the way you do with jQuery to try it out. (Or use a code pen with it installed). But if you\'92re going to build an application with it, you\'92ll want to at least start with a tool create react app. Create react app which is a tool you can install from the command line- and thats a really bare bones way of interacting with your computer. You can explore files on your computer and run applications right from there.\
\
You\'92ll need to have node installed on your computer and you can do that through a tool called nvm you\'92ll install (node version manager). You\'92ll also want to install node package manager, a tool you use to bring in outside libraries into your react applications and also gives you a client on the command line to run your apps.\
\
We attach our virtual DOM to a root div, via one big component called App that we then put lots of components into\
\
\
JSX - Javascript XML\
Converts HTML into React Elements (otherwise we have to do React.createElement)\
Automatically have expressions with \{\} (no backtick or $ necessary)\
\
Components - custom, reusable HTML elements\
\
Functions that return HTML elements\
Independent and reusable bits of code\
Some are classes, others are functions \
Either way they return rendered HTML, classes are used when we have more complex calculations to get to what we want our rendered HTML to be\
\
\
Props are the arguments that we pass into a component. They never change inside of a component. If they are going to change, you map that to state- which does change. \
\
setState\
\
React will respond to changes in state\
\
Can be triggered by a number of things, including user interaction\
\
}