{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red0\green0\blue0;\red27\green31\blue34;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red21\green23\blue26;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c10588\c12157\c13725\c4706;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12840\viewh10600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Learning Log presentations\
\
- Allie & Jianhao\
\
Remind Grace & Sama that they\'92re going Thursday\
\

\b Review
\b0 \
\
ES6, aka Javascript 6\
Update to JS in 2015 that gave us some new tools\
\
\ul Variables \ulnone \
- var (old), const, let. \
Have a name, value, and type. Stores information.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}strings\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 	Show back tick\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}numbers\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}arrays\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}functions \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\ul Conditions\ulnone \
A test\
If this, do that\
Have to ask questions, ===, !==, <, <=, >, >=\
Else\
Else if\
Switch\
&&, II, !\
We use \{\} to define a \'93block of code\'94\
\
\ul Loops\
\ulnone For repeating tasks over and over again. Efficiency is always a good thing, want to write less code that does more stuff.\
\
For vs While - For\'92s you need to know how long to count for, while\'92s when you are waiting on one variable to change\
\
Need a condition to get out of the loop, otherwise your program (and maybe browser) will crash\
You can use a while, most often when you are waiting for one variable to change. But mostly you\'92ll use a for loop. \
\
The counter variable, a temporary variable that we use for counting inside that for loop and then not again. This is how you can have many let I = 0; on the page  \
\
\
\ul Functions\
\
\ulnone We want our programs to have separate parts that are as reusable as they can be.\
Group together statements, create a recipe for how to do something. Use the burrito a	nalogy.\
\
Variable scope inside functions - local variable vs global variable\
\
Function declaration-\
Function name ()\
\
Or, assign an anonymous function to a variable\
\
Fat arrow function\
\
Can return information\
Arrow function\
\
Calling a function\
\
Functions that return something\
\
Parameter passing - makes your functions reusable! \
Show minimalist fat arrow function with one parameter\
\
Break- \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 New\
\

\b0 \ul Objects\ulnone - \
A more complex type of variable in that their entities that keep track of their own properties which are\
both data and functions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Describe it with name/key pair. Keys are the name we want to refer to this piece of data, values are\
any kind of data type= strings, numbers, including functions\
\
Think of an object like a human, a lot of us are the same but there are many ways that we\'92re different- names, \
\
Combining data with functions\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Model human\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 Talk about 
\i this\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/thejsway/thejsway/blob/master/manuscript/chapter06.md#modeling-a-bank-account"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\i0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 https://github.com/thejsway/thejsway/blob/master/manuscript/chapter06.md#modeling-a-bank-account}}
\f1\i0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 \ulc3 \
Arrays\
\
\ulnone An array is a list of elements, and its an object with special properties like length,\
\
Don\'92t combine different types\
\
Denoted with [], always start at 0\
\
forEach is a method that arrays have baked into them\
\
Add items to an array with push (add to the end) or unshift (adds to beginning)\
Remove the last item with pop(), splice(startIndex, howManyToRemove)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs30 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 List of words\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf4 Write a program that asks the user for a word until the user types\'a0
\f4\fs27\fsmilli13600 \cb6 "stop"
\f3\fs32 \cb5 . The program then shows each of these words, except\'a0
\f4\fs27\fsmilli13600 \cb6 "stop"
\f3\fs32 \cb5 .\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf3 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\
}